### Mushdex
A Pokédex about mushrooms. To do: 
- Do the methodologies.

# Dataset to Skem Creation
We use csv files available at \url{https://github.com/MushroomObserver/mushroom-observer/blob/main/README_API.md#csv-files} the images in Mushroom Observer at the link \url{https://storage.googleapis.com/mo-image-archive-bucket/orig/{image_id}{ext}}, where {image\_id} is a value that is available on the column "image\_id" of "images\_observations.csv", and {ext} is the extension that is mainly ".jpg" but can be ".jpeg", ".png" and so on. If the download fails with ".jpg", try other image extensions. The name of the destination folder of the "image\_id" image is obtained by considering the value in the column "observation\_id" at the same row of "image\_id", so in "images\_observations.csv", and by using "observation\_id" with the file "observations.csv" to retrieve the row in which "observation\_id" matches the (unique) value in "id" in "observations.csv", then considering the value in the column "name\_id" of this considered row. This "name\_id" is used in "names.csv" to find the row in the column "id" (unique values also here) matching "name\_id", in order to obtain the related value in column "synonym\_id". Obtained "synonym\_id", take all the rows that have this "synonym\_id" in the "synonym\_id" column, and at the same time the value in "deprecated" column equal to 0. By considering their "text\_name" values, take the shortest among them: this will be the name of the folder of the image "image\_id", which will be stored in folder "MO/Unknown species" (if the final name ends with "series" or "group", or contains "sect.", or it is formed by a single name, e.g., "Agaricales"). Else, in "MO/Known species". If the folder should be placed in "Known species", create a folder where the name is the considered species (the first 2 parts of the original name) and place this folder there. If the placed folder name does not contain "var.", "f." or "subsp.", add at the end "species". At the end, for example, "Flammulina velutipes var. lupinicola" will be placed in "MO/Known species/Flammulina velutipes/Flammulina velutipes var. lupinicola", while "Flammulina velutipes" will be stored in "MO/Known species/Flammulina velutipes/Flammulina velutipes species". Another example: "Lactarius salicis-reticulatae" will be in "MO/Known species/Lactarius salicis-reticulatae/Lactarius salicis-reticulatae species".
